[RAPTOR 18109] Create Draft or Locked Artifact (#314)
datarobot-community/terraform-provider-datarobot: docs/resources/artifact.md

- `artifact_repository_id` (String) ID of the artifact repository for versioning. Computed on first create if not provided; subsequent updates create new versions in the same repository.
- `description` (String) The description of the Artifact.

> - `status` (String) Artifact lifecycle status: `draft` (mutable; supports in-place updates and image builds) or `locked` (immutable; spec changes create a new version). Defaults to `locked`. Locking a draft artifact is one-way.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `status` (String) Artifact lifecycle status: `draft` (the artifact in the backend becomes mutable - specific artifact is modified in-place) or `locked` (the artifact in the backend is immutable; every spec change creates a new version of it). Defaults to `locked`. Locking a draft artifact is one-way.
```
